Interviewers at top product companies don't care if you've built twenty basic APIs that just save JSON to Postgres. They care if you can explain:

The trade-offs you made (e.g., Why did you choose JOIN FETCH over multiple queries? Why did you pick readOnly = true on transactional reads?).

Failure modes (e.g., What happens if the inventory deduction fails mid-assembly? How do you prevent race conditions when two users restock the same material concurrently?).

Internal mechanics (e.g., How does the First-Level Cache work? How do proxies interact with Spring's AOP interceptors?).


-------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Serverless AWS Migration (SAM & Lambda)
Instead of running Spring Boot 24/7 on an EC2 instance, you will package and run it as an on-demand, serverless backend.

AWS Serverless Java Container:

You will add the aws-serverless-java-container-springboot3 dependency. This lets your entire Spring Boot app run inside an AWS Lambda function without rewriting your controllers or services.

Infrastructure as Code (template.yaml):

You will use AWS SAM (Serverless Application Model) to declare your cloud infrastructure in a YAML template:

The Lambda Function runtime (Java 17/21), memory limits, and timeouts.

An API Gateway trigger (HttpApi or RestApi) that routes incoming HTTP requests directly to your Lambda handler.

Environment variables to connect your Lambda to your database.

Database & VPC Networking:

For production, you will connect the Lambda function to an AWS RDS PostgreSQL instance inside a private VPC with appropriate subnets and security group rules.

2. CI/CD Pipeline (GitHub Actions)
CI/CD stands for Continuous Integration & Continuous Deployment:

Continuous Integration (CI): Every time you git push, a remote server automatically clones your code, compiles it with Maven/Gradle, and runs all your unit/integration tests to ensure nothing is broken.

Continuous Deployment (CD): Once the build and tests pass, that remote server automatically runs your AWS deployment commands (sam build and sam deploy) to update your live Lambda functions without manual steps.

How You Will Use It Here:
You will create a .github/workflows/deploy.yml file in your repository.

Whenever you push to main:

GitHub Runner starts up (an Ubuntu virtual machine hosted by GitHub).

Java & Maven Setup: Checks out your repository, sets up Java, and executes mvn clean test to verify your service methods.

AWS Authentication: Connects securely to your AWS account using IAM roles.

SAM Build & Deploy: Executes:

Bash
sam build
sam deploy --no-confirm-changeset
Output: Returns a live API Gateway URL in your GitHub console.

Project Execution Order
Domain Logic: Finish ComponentService, SuitService, and the transactional assembleSuit() logic.

REST Layer & Tests: Attach Controllers and write tests to guarantee business logic works.

Serverless Packaging: Add the AWS Serverless container adapter and configure template.yaml.

CI/CD Automation: Set up GitHub Actions to test and deploy on every git commit.
